Update APPLICATIONS.md (#2053)
XRPLF/xrpl.js: APPLICATIONS.md

- **[The World Exchange](https://www.theworldexchange.net/)**

>   Trade, issue, and send directly on the XRP Ledger. A user interface for the XRPL's decentralized exchange. Includes an implementation of an autobridged order book for IOU:IOU trading pairs in the [source code](https://github.com/pftq/TheWorldExchange).

Reviewer: I think we're moving away from IOU terminology to Token in the docs.

```suggestion
  Trade, issue, and send directly on the XRP Ledger. A user interface for the XRPL's decentralized exchange. Includes an implementation of an autobridged order book for token-to-token trading pairs in the [source code](https://github.com/pftq/TheWorldExchange).
```
